Create bytesize_Tamper_Monkey (#2488)
nf-core/website: src/content/events/2024/bytesize_Tamper_Monkey.md

---
title: 'Bytesize: Tamper Monkey'
subtitle: Phil Ewels, Seqera
type: talk
startDate: '2024-05-14'
startTime: '13:00+00:00'
endDate: '2024-05-14'
endTime: '13:30+00:00'
locations:
  - links: https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> This week Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)) will show us how to modify any website using the Tamper Monkey browser login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)) will show us how to modify any website using the Tamper Monkey browser plugin.

The rough outline of the talk will be:

* Showing how the browser developer console can be used to understand how web pages are built
* Editing a live web page locally in the developer console
* A walk through of writing a custom Tamper Monkey userscript from scratch to modify how a given web page renders
* How to horrify your coworkers by messing with their browser whilst they go for a coffee

You can download Tamper Monkey here: https://www.tampermonkey.net/

Find public user scripts here: https://www.userscript.zone/
```

---
title: 'Bytesize: Tamper Monkey'
subtitle: Phil Ewels, Seqera
type: talk
startDate: '2024-05-14'
startTime: '13:00+00:00'
endDate: '2024-05-14'
endTime: '13:30+00:00'
locations:
  - links: https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> This week Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)) will show us how to modify any website using the Tamper Monkey browser plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week Phil Ewels ([@ewels](https://github.com/ewels/)) will show us how to modify any website using the [Tamper Monkey browser plugin](https://www.tampermonkey.net/).
```
